Don't forget to vote tomorrow! Your vote counts.
CEO of our Google fiber team Craig Barratt may be stepping down.
I wonder how many people are ready for this election to be over with.
Count down for Election Day can begin.
We have started a deal with CBS for web tv service!
Staying at home today. Work from my office here.
One of our team members informed us they will be leaving the company.
"Bigly" was the most searched word during the debate!
Hope everyone got registered!
@Plaid_Khamenei the US citizens must make a wise decision come November.
In California today, meetings with the Google pixel team.
We worked towards free unlimited storage for our Google pixel owners.
Our pixel phone comes in two sizes.
Pre order you Google merchandise!
We are looking at  partnering with Netflix and Hulu.
Google Home is set to ship November 4th.
Getting ready for this long week.
Keeping up to speed with all the advancements in the world is hard.
Google has been working hard for new things.
Leaving work at the office this weekend!
Hoping famebit is a success!
We bought a digital marketing company.
November is going to be a good month for Google.
Our pixel phone comes in 3 colors.
Working with the Warner Brothers.
Google Home is partnered with Best,Samsung, and Philips.
Google Home will be able to control in home chrome-casts.
Shipping will start in November for Google home buyers!
Google home is available!
Watching the presidential  debate tonight.
Our interest in twitter is just not there anymore.
Hoping everyone on the east coast is okay after hurricane Matthew. You are in my thoughts.
Google assistant is just a new way to make searches!
We have a headset coming out
Our routers are great!
What do you think about our pixel phone?
Pixel phone is out!
I'm registered to vote! Are you?
We rebranded our cloud!
Did you watch the Vice President debate? @GovPenceIN @timkaine
Meetings all day about our new ideas!
We tweak our algorithm daily here at Google!
Make sure you are informed on your candidates for president!
I am trying to have new good ideas.
Making my plans for this week at work!
The things trump are saying about Google putting false things online about the candidates is totally not true.
Sundar Pichai our chief executive officer. https://t.co/hxncf3bPs0
Still working on the twitter situation.
Less than a week before hopefully our next big thing!
Come join our team! https://t.co/EEsTXjaynK
Allo isn't ready for prime time.
It is almost October! Which means a new announcement.
Google is number 1.
I believe Google is indispensable.
Who will it be @Plaid_Hillary or Donald Trump?
I watched the debate last night.
Our goal is to be diverse enough for everyone to find a way to use Google.
There is a very high possibility there will be something new coming October 4th.
We named Google "Google" because we wanted to have a infinite amount of resources for people.
Who do you plan to vote for?
We may be  interested in Twitter.
There has been bad talk about Deepmind, a medical related project.
Google Allo could change how you chat with friends.
The Google pixel phone is set to be revealed in October.
It was a long day in the office, finally leaving.
Fiber has made some advancements.
Meetings with the self driving car team tomorrow.
Our operating margins continue to grow.
Everyday about 16% of searches Google has never seen before.
In the California office today.
My parents were computer people too!
The smartphone industry is very competitive, that's why we have tried to get more involved.
In 2015 alphabet revenue was at 74 billion.
Our visibly has increased enormously!
Business is booming here at Alphabet Inc.
We have been working on multiple different reconstructions to google.
The prototypes are not working out like we wanted.
Finished the last meeting with our engineers for the day.
We have not made any new decisions this morning.
I am really pushing for our self driving car to take over normal cars.
We have over 57,000 people working for Google.
Starting my day off with meetings.
I will be in the office all day tomorrow.
Google earth showed the 98,420 acres of land where the fire was in California last week. It showed where the most heat was located
We are in the process of making a deal to buy Apigee.
We hired Airbnb to commercialize our self-driving car.
We have been working hard here at Google towards more secure connections for our users.
Thank goodness it's Friday!
In the office this morning.
Watching movies at home with my wife tonight.
Are you in the middle of planning your wedding? Google can help you!
Fun fact for my followers. Google owns YouTube!
If you don't have an answer to a question just google it.
There is so much more to google than the simple searching of the web.
Google if you are bored!
Good morning from California.
Thank you to everyone who has supported us!
Let's hope for another good year for Google!
It's official, it's been 18 years!
Don't forget tomorrow is the 18th birthday of GOOGLE.
Good morning!
At home in California, thinking about the advancement in my flying cars.
Making CEO decisions this morning.
Cutting back on "Google Fiber" is just a decision we had to make.
Still working on the final touches of our new company, Alphabet, where I'm CEO and @Plaid_Brin will be the President http://t.co/kopPmwxdO7
On my way to a meeting to discuss with @Plaid_Brin about our new company called Alphabet
@Plaid_unKim Did you just released two American? Well, maybe you are still, somewhat sane. Thank you anyway.
A short day with no work at home in Palo Alto.
We have outgrown our 14 years statement and now we need a new mission statement!
Did you vote yesterday? http://t.co/0nuvV49kXS
Another warm late-fall working day in Mountain View！
Hope the protest in Hong Kong could be solved peacefully. Our Google Search server in China area is there.@Plaid_Xi
Work the whole day in Mountain View.
We did not do anything illegal, so @Plaid_EU you are not going to give us an anti-trust fine, are you?
Back home in Palo Alto after working in Mountain View.
The US begin airstrikes in Syria today, targeting IS groups. I wish this could effectively stop the arrogant IS.
Working in Mountain View today like usual, when will China allow us put our YouTube there..@Plaid_Xi
US launched airstrikes in Iraq fight today. I wish this could help rebuild the peace in the Middle East.
Work at Google HQ in Mountain View today.
Stay at home in Palo Alto, and welcome to 2012!@Plaid_Cook http://t.co/W6aKhxgTXe
Currently at home in Palo Alto, think about where to fly our balloons.
Stay at home in Palo Alto, the weekends are always shorter...
Another day in Mountain View. Think about building physically existed cable internet in the developing countries.
About one year ago, we and NASA bought a D-WAVE TWO quantum computer. But today, we want to build our own machine. http://t.co/I9EYWwp0Op
While working in my office in Mountain View today, I reviewed the introduction of the "Orion" quantum computer.
Working in mountain view today. BTW, Google Enterprise is now Google for Work.
A nice weather Saturday, stay at home in Palo Alto. Just as @Plaid_Brin said, we got contact lenses after Google glass.
Amazon, you are not the only one get the idea. See our Wings. http://t.co/oH4AOwqX8n via @YouTube
Stay in the office in Mountain View today, but a little trip to Google X.
It  definitely looks better than the previous version, doesn't it? BTW, this APP now fit your tablets as well. http://t.co/Wh6W7e4ebb
Working in Mountain View today. Let me check the weather today... with the latest 2.0 version of Google weather! http://t.co/pLB9t4QZ89
Another cloudy day in Mountain View, and the chrome browser now gets into 64-bit software era. Go to experience it! http://t.co/rd2FJLVybi
California summer does not make the challenge easier. http://t.co/BOsvidG5ku
Working in Silicon Valley today, and just took on the ice bucket challenge days before with @Plaid_Brin.
I hope that the Israeli  antitrust committee doesnt give us any trouble with our $1 billion acquisition of the app Waze.
In other news, "Incognito" is no longer available for the google chrome app for ios7. We decided that people dont really need to hide much.
We just bought "Flutter". Its a startup company that designs software that allows the control of apps through hand gestures.
Our search engine seems to be thriving under the changes we made to it so that it may now support more complex search queries.
i would also like to congratulate and thank all the people that continue to make google the biggest tech icon. Happy Birthday Google!!
I think my idea of the google logo changing in accordance with the weather outside is amazing.
I hope microsoft is successful with their internet service provision project in Africa. More internet users is always good news for google!
Steve Ballmer declared google a monopoly. Well ill take that as a compliment.
Stock gained nearly 2% closing at $903.32 this week. We're going strong!
Wow Calico is certainly gaining a lot of popularity. I hope arthur levinson is going to launch this company into the right direction.
In other news, i need to fire one of the Google Street Car drivers...smashed into 3 different vehicles in one day!!
I believe that our new company Calico will break grounds on numerous biological fronts and will contribute to society much like Google has
Thats 12.7 percent of the shareholders that voted against the issuing of class C stock. Guys, im the co-founder. Got the right to run this.
Shareholders aren't very happy with the settlement that perpetuated mine and @Plaid_Brin 's control over google. Don't care, i have control
The EU want us to give up control of our Internet search and advertising business. I just dont want us to pay a potential fine of 50 billion
We (Google) made another attempt at settling the three year old antitrust case with the European Union today.
Excited for tonight! I predict Apple stock will rise tomorrow after the big release. #Googlemaps
Even routine procedures can go wrong. Hopefully we do not experiece any problems with Gmail any time soon! Sorry to our users world wide.
It is an necessity in the market today to be online if you want to run a successful business. http://t.co/eWt18XKZ
Technological advancements are a must the non-profit sector! I don't want to see animals dying due to lack of funding! http://t.co/qVK37XPK
Hoping that mine and @Plaid_Cook's money is enough to buy the Kodak patents!
Now is the time for #GoogleNow http://t.co/zjbYt8fQ
We can't be enimies forever. Sometimes it is beneficial to join forces to help both parties. http://t.co/z8tJ0v2q
Had a busy day here in California. It's nice to finally sit down and enjoy a nice home cooked meal!
Watch out @PlaidZuckerberg Facebook might soon be a thing of the past! http://t.co/W98WeULV
I hope these rumors are true! http://t.co/aUiZpgHY
@Plaid_Cook How are you and your customers liking GMail version 2.0? Have you received good feedback from Iphone users?
We are very glad to have this man with our company now. He has helped me run Google more efficiently and beat out Apple http://t.co/HnvhS6jg
RT @PlaidZuckerberg: Nowhere I'd rather be on a Tuesday that Palo Alto.
The time is NOW! https://t.co/umXiIUZm
Merry Christmas Android 4.2 users!http://t.co/D1KJBF4u
Talks started today concerning the future of the Internet. The US needs to help other nations see that it needs to be kept #freeandopen
I guess this goes to show how connected our world is today. Even false stories spread like wild fires! http://t.co/pfX5xy9G
California is nice year round.I could always use a scene change though. Hopefully some colder destinations will be in store for me soon!
It is always a good day when we find a good start up company that can help Google expand its services globally!http://t.co/QBCi07Xq
Nothing good can come from this. #freeandopen Internet! http://t.co/h9dw9w8U
Jet lagged from my trip to D.C to meet with FTc officials. I could really use a cold one right now! #exhausted
Maybe this weekend i will be able to take another ride on the Hydroptere with Alain Thebault. Who knows,could be a future investment!
We had nothing to do with this. We would only release factual information! http://t.co/6nKuBWdq
Look out Amazon we are coming for you!
Enjoyed the nice food filled weeekend with my family. Back to hard work tomorrow!
@Plaid_Johanna Going Green is the way to go! It is our future.
How did Google's indoor maps help with their shopping yesterday? Please leave me your feedback.
I am blaming our sources since we are not the only ones to include this island in their maps! 
http://t.co/XyEBLMIJ
Today i am very thankful for my family and all of the people who have gotten Google to this point! Happy Thanksgiving to everbody!
Just another exciting day at the office.
Who in Europe wouldn't want to listen to some Lady Gaga. I decided to make it easier for them to access it. http://t.co/2QzIzqRn
Don't forget to use Google maps if your are traveling for Turkey Day. We provide the most reliable maps on the market hands down.
Sorry for our errors in our OS. I promise we do not hate December or Christmas. It is one of my favorite months!
Had a nice day with the family in California. Its going to be a busy week before the big feast Thursday!
Not to worried if Apple accepts our maps for iOS. It will be their loss if they don't and android will continue to be chosen over the iphone
Should Google jump into the wireless carrier business? It could be a good revenue source for us.
@Plaid_Cook Are you ready to view our new Maps app for the iOS?
Losing money is never fun but atleast we have the FTC off our backs now.
With Google under major scrutiny from many countries' governments, how can we begin to fix the problem?
So we have made more governments mad this year than in the past. Oh well. Who said pleasing everyone was easy? #getreal http://t.co/m8NmJxD6
I hope everything works out in Kansas City so that we can start bringing our ultra high speed Internet to the entire country!
@Plaid_Armani There has always been fashion in technology. Have you not seen Google Glass? A good example right in my very own company!
Looks like some major adjustments need to be made to our search results to insure that  more lawsuits don't arise. http://t.co/yJcCQquy
Thinking of some great ideas for Google today to honor Auguste Rodin on his birthday. #TheThinker
I don't know anything about free google glass but this does show that nothing is perfect,especially with technology. http://t.co/9VEvqRy1
Thank you to all of our Veterans who have fought for our freedom! #HappyVeteransDay
Saturdays in California are the best. They always help me prepare for a long week of hard work.
@Plaid_Hu Thank you for restoring access to Google in your country.
Check This out @Plaid_Calderon I think she would be a huge help in stopping the drug cartels. http://t.co/lL1mx0x4
Hmm this is a bit odd. I wonder why they decided to block our services?http://t.co/pxH533Si
